README.md, before:

# SmartBlog is the First and Best Prestashop Free Module for Blog

# SmartBlog Version 4.0.6 is Available on [ClassyDevs](https://classydevs.com/free-modules/smartblog/?utm_source=sbloggithub&utm_medium=sbloggithubredmi&utm_campaign=sbloggithubredmi)

## Demo Link https://smartblog.classydevs.com/

## SmartBlog is now compatible with the best Elementor Based Page Builder for PrestaShop [Crazyelements](https://classydevs.com/crazy-elements/?utm_source=smartblog_github_crazy&utm_medium=smartblog_github_redme&utm_campaign=smartblog_github_redme&utm_term=smartblog_github_redme). 

You can edit your blog content with Crazy Elements.

We will release more features and updates on the version available on ClassyDevs


# SmartBlog 3.0.5 is available on github. 

WE WONT RELEASE ANY UPDATE FOR THIS VERSION ON GITHUB. FOR FUTURE UPDATES AND MORE EXCITING FEATURES PLEASE DOWNLOAD IT FROM [ClassyDevs](https://classydevs.com/free-modules/smartblog/?utm_source=sbloggithub&utm_medium=sbloggithubredmi&utm_campaign=sbloggithubredmi)

The best blog module for PrestaShop


After a long time we SmartDataSoft is back to dedicated PrestaShop development as [ClassyDevs](https://classydevs.com/?utm_source=sbloggithub&utm_medium=sbloggithubredmi&utm_campaign=sbloggithubredmi).



# Check out [Classy Product Extra Tabs](https://classydevs.com/free-modules/classy-product-extra-tab/?utm_source=sbloggithub&utm_medium=sbloggithubredmi&utm_campaign=sbloggithubredmi) 
The best FREE module to add extra tabs to the products of you PrestaShop site.

<a href="https://classydevs.com/free-modules/classy-product-extra-tab/?utm_source=sbloggithub&utm_medium=sbloggithubredmi&utm_campaign=sbloggithubredmi" target="_blank"><img src="Frame 8.png" alt="Logo" width="500" height="500"></a>

Commit message:

Updated redme with myshop banner

README.md, after:

# SmartBlog is the First and Best Prestashop Free Module for Blog

# SmartBlog Version 4.0.7 is Available on [ClassyDevs](https://classydevs.com/free-modules/smartblog/?utm_source=sbloggithub&utm_medium=sbloggithubredmi&utm_campaign=sbloggithubredmi)

## Demo Link https://smartblog.classydevs.com/

#[MyShop Multipurpose PrestaShop Free Theme](https://classydevs.com/myshop-multipurpose-prestashop-free-theme-download/?utm_source=sbloggithubmyshopbanner&utm_medium=sbloggithubredmimyshopbanner&utm_campaign=sbloggithubredmimyshopbanner) is compatible with SmartBlog. 

This is the best multipurpose PrestaShop theme which is for FREE!!! Included with Free Crazyelements and SmartBlog
## Demo Link https://myshop.classydevs.net/en/smartblog.html

<a href="https://classydevs.com/free-modules/classy-product-extra-tab/?utm_source=sbloggithubredmimyshopbanner&utm_medium=sbloggithubredmimyshopbanner&utm_campaign=sbloggithubredmimyshopbanner" target="_blank"><img src="https://github.com/smartdatasoft/smartblog/blob/develop/myshop_multipurpose_prestashop_theme_free.jpeg" alt="Logo" width="500" height="500"></a>

## SmartBlog is now compatible with the best Elementor Based Page Builder for PrestaShop [Crazyelements](https://classydevs.com/crazy-elements/?utm_source=smartblog_github_crazy&utm_medium=smartblog_github_redme&utm_campaign=smartblog_github_redme&utm_term=smartblog_github_redme). 

You can edit your blog content with Crazy Elements.

We will release more features and updates on the version available on ClassyDevs


# SmartBlog 3.0.5 is available on github. 

WE WONT RELEASE ANY UPDATE FOR THIS VERSION ON GITHUB. FOR FUTURE UPDATES AND MORE EXCITING FEATURES PLEASE DOWNLOAD IT FROM [ClassyDevs](https://classydevs.com/free-modules/smartblog/?utm_source=sbloggithub&utm_medium=sbloggithubredmi&utm_campaign=sbloggithubredmi)

The best blog module for PrestaShop


After a long time we SmartDataSoft is back to dedicated PrestaShop development as [ClassyDevs](https://classydevs.com/?utm_source=sbloggithub&utm_medium=sbloggithubredmi&utm_campaign=sbloggithubredmi).



# Check out [Classy Product Extra Tabs](https://classydevs.com/free-modules/classy-product-extra-tab/?utm_source=sbloggithub&utm_medium=sbloggithubredmi&utm_campaign=sbloggithubredmi) 
The best FREE module to add extra tabs to the products of you PrestaShop site.

<a href="https://classydevs.com/free-modules/classy-product-extra-tab/?utm_source=sbloggithub&utm_medium=sbloggithubredmi&utm_campaign=sbloggithubredmi" target="_blank"><img src="Frame 8.png" alt="Logo" width="500" height="500"></a>
